contributing_guide.md, before:

# Contributing Guide
This is the guide for those who want to contribute and improve this project.

Open to contributions, please contact Anojni (askantha@redhat.com) or Elise (elise@redhat.com) before contributing.

Feedback is much appreciated. Scroll down to the "Support" section for details on how to provide this.

## Editing the repo
1. Clone the repo
To start contributing and using, clone this repository by typing the following into your terminal:
```
cd <desired_location>

$ git clone https://gitlab.consulting.redhat.com/anz-consulting/openshift/automated_openshift_health_check.git

git branch -M <existing_desired_branch_name>
```
2. Switch to a new branch:
```
git branch -b <new_branch_name>
```
3. Make edits
4. Create a merge request
[ merge request instructions]

## Using Issues (and knowing what to work on)
1. Assign yourself an issue from the issue board (which can be found by going to "Plan" in the left hand side bar, and then "Issue boards"). There you can select an open issue that is in the most recent health check version's board, by clicking on it and editing the assignee. For more information on Issues and Issue boards in this project please go to the [Project Management Practices Wiki page](https://gitlab.consulting.redhat.com/anz-consulting/openshift/automated_openshift_health_check/-/wikis/Project-Management-Practices).
2. Update the issue with comments on your progress and sub-tasks as you go
3. Close the issue once complete
### New issues and problems
If you come across a problem and there is no issue already created for it, create the issue for yourself or someone else to complete it. It is helpful to create issues for problems as they are discovered to help us improve the health check. 
1. Create an issue for the problem
2. Assign yourself to the issue you created
2. Update the issue with comments on your progress and sub-tasks as you go
3. Close the issue once complete

## Support
For support or feedback, please reach out to the below authors, join the Google Chat Space, or create an issue in GitLab.
Join the Google Chat Space: https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAXGJPqBM?cls=7

Authors:
- Abdullah Sikder asikder@redhat.com
- Anojni Skanthan askantha@redhat.com
- Apollo Bradshaw apollo@redhat.com
- Bryce Chambers bchamber@redhat.com
- Craig Scott crscott@redhat.com
- Elise Elkerton elise@redhat.com
- Jonathon Bishop bchamber@redhat.com
- Patricio Alzamora palzamor@redhat.com

Commit message:

added details about how to create an issue

contributing_guide.md, after:

# Contributing Guide
This is the guide for those who want to contribute and improve this project.

Open to contributions, please contact Anojni (askantha@redhat.com) or Elise (elise@redhat.com) before contributing.

Feedback is much appreciated. Scroll down to the "Support" section for details on how to provide this.

## Editing the repo
1. Clone the repo
To start contributing and using, clone this repository by typing the following into your terminal:
```
cd <desired_location>

$ git clone https://gitlab.consulting.redhat.com/anz-consulting/openshift/automated_openshift_health_check.git

git branch -M <existing_desired_branch_name>
```
2. Switch to a new branch:
```
git branch -b <new_branch_name>
```
3. Make edits
4. Create a merge request
[ merge request instructions]

## Using Issues (and knowing what to work on)
1. Assign yourself an issue from the issue board (which can be found by going to "Plan" in the left hand side bar, and then "Issue boards"). There you can select an open issue that is in the most recent health check version's board, by clicking on it and editing the assignee. For more information on Issues and Issue boards in this project please go to the [Project Management Practices Wiki page](https://gitlab.consulting.redhat.com/anz-consulting/openshift/automated_openshift_health_check/-/wikis/Project-Management-Practices).
2. Update the issue with comments on your progress and sub-tasks as you go
3. Close the issue once complete
### New issues and problems
If you come across a problem and there is no issue already created for it, create the issue for yourself or someone else to complete it. It is helpful to create issues for problems as they are discovered to help us improve the health check. 
1. Create an issue for the problem, with details including what you are testing on (OS, number of nodes, disconnected environment or not, etc), what you were trying to do, the error message(s) you recieved and anything else you changed along the way.
2. Assign yourself to the issue you created
2. Update the issue with comments on your progress and sub-tasks as you go
3. Close the issue once complete

## Support
For support or feedback, please reach out to the below authors, join the Google Chat Space, or create an issue in GitLab.
Join the Google Chat Space: https://chat.google.com/room/AAAAXGJPqBM?cls=7

Authors:
- Abdullah Sikder asikder@redhat.com
- Anojni Skanthan askantha@redhat.com
- Apollo Bradshaw apollo@redhat.com
- Bryce Chambers bchamber@redhat.com
- Craig Scott crscott@redhat.com
- Elise Elkerton elise@redhat.com
- Jonathon Bishop bchamber@redhat.com
- Patricio Alzamora palzamor@redhat.com
