user_guide.md, before:

# User Guide
This user guide is for consultants who want to run the health check.

### 1. Access

To run the heath check, you need access to the OpenShift Container Platform, with cluster-admin access (or a custom User with Cluster ReadOnly permissions).

### 2. Install Prerequisites

Need to install  oc, ansible, podman and asciidoctor. 

Install packages:

````
sudo yum install ansible

sudo yum install podman

sudo yum install rubygem-asciidoctor
````

Then install the required Python libraries:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

Install `oc` binary, by visiting the RedHat website (https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create). [ TODO: needs more instructions]

### 3. Edit Variable Files
The playbook uses two configuration files to initiate how the health-check playbook will run.

Key files: `vars_file`, `settings/configs.yml`, `settings/comments.yml`

- The variable files are loaded initially as `vars_file` in the playbook which holds key variables. 
````yaml
- name: Info for internal OCP components.
  hosts: localhost
  gather_facts: false
  vars_files:
    - ["./settings/configs.yml"]
    - ["./settings/comments.yml"]
````

- `settings/configs.yml`: This file determines how the health-check playbook will run and adds project information.
````yaml
OC: <default_ocp_cli_location> # run `whereis oc` to get value
RESTART_THRESHOLD: 6
DEGRADED_MACHINE_COUNT: 1 # default value: 1
CUSTOMERNAME: <customer_name>
DATEFORMAT: "+%m-%d-%Y-%T"
AUTHORNAME: <consultant_name>
````
- `settings/comments.yml`: This file holds the comments that describe the state of each health check. Customise these messages here.
````yaml
GLOBAL_OK_COMMENT: <comment> # example: "This is an OK comment."
GLOBAL_ERROR_COMMENT: <comment> # example: "This check has produced the following errors."
````
### 4. Run the Playbook

Run the playbook with Ansible.

This playbook completes the health check and generates the report.

````
ansible-playbook ocp_hc_init.yml
````

### 5. Review PDF 
Review the generated PDF and edit as required.

### 6. Additional edits
Repeat steps 4-6 as needed.

Commit message:

delete "vars_file" from variable file section

user_guide.md, after:

# User Guide
This user guide is for consultants who want to run the health check.

### 1. Access

To run the heath check, you need access to the OpenShift Container Platform, with cluster-admin access (or a custom User with Cluster ReadOnly permissions).

### 2. Install Prerequisites

Need to install  oc, ansible, podman and asciidoctor. 

Install packages:

````
sudo yum install ansible

sudo yum install podman

sudo yum install rubygem-asciidoctor
````

Then install the required Python libraries:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

Install `oc` binary, by visiting the RedHat website (https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create). [ TODO: needs more instructions]

### 3. Edit Variable Files
Need to edit: `settings/configs.yml`
- `settings/configs.yml`: This file determines how the health-check playbook will run and adds project information.
````yaml
OC: <default_ocp_cli_location> # run `whereis oc` to get value
RESTART_THRESHOLD: 6
DEGRADED_MACHINE_COUNT: 1 # default value: 1
CUSTOMERNAME: <customer_name>
DATEFORMAT: "+%m-%d-%Y-%T"
AUTHORNAME: <consultant_name>
````

Optionally edit: `settings/comments.yml`
- `settings/comments.yml`: This file determines the comments that describe the state of each health check, which can be customised here.
````yaml
GLOBAL_OK_COMMENT: <comment> # example: "This is an OK comment."
GLOBAL_ERROR_COMMENT: <comment> # example: "This check has produced the following errors."
````
### 4. Run the Playbook

Run the playbook with Ansible.

This playbook completes the health check and generates the report.

````
ansible-playbook ocp_hc_init.yml
````

### 5. Review PDF 
Review the generated PDF and edit as required.

### 6. Additional edits
Repeat steps 4-6 as needed.
