roles/certificates/README.md, before:

# etcd role

**Table of Contents**
- [Requirements](#requirements)
  * [Operating systems](#operating-systems)
  * [Local system access](#local-system-access)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Role Variables](#role-variables)
  * [Main variables](#main-variables)
  * [Output variables](#output-variables)
- [Example Playbook](#example-playbook)

# Requirements
## Operating systems
This role will work on the following operating systems:

 * Red Hat

## Local system access

To successfully complete the role requires `openssl` to manipulate certificates. It must be available on your local machine.

```sh
dnf install openssl
```

# Dependencies

There are no dependencies on other roles.

# Role Variables

## Main variables

Currently there are no configuration defaults for this role. Required variables are set dynamically at runtime.

## Output variables

Variables that output information to be placed in the report are captured here.

* `cert_test`: Reports whether the healthcheck completed successfully 

&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;`omth` if successful; `notdone` if failed.

* `cert_expiries`: Output of cluster certicates in table format

```yaml
"STATE   DAYS    NAME                                                        EXPIRY                    NAMESPACE                                                   ",
"-----   ----    ----                                                        ------                    ---------                                                   ",
"OK      729     openshift-apiserver-operator-serving-cert                   Sep 10 02:50:50 2025 GMT  openshift-apiserver-operator                                ",
"OK      3649    etcd-client                                                 Sep  8 02:28:38 2033 GMT  openshift-apiserver                                         ",
"OK      729     serving-cert                                                Sep 10 02:50:55 2025 GMT  openshift-apiserver                                         ",
"OK      729     serving-cert                                                Sep 10 02:50:50 2025 GMT  openshift-authentication-operator                           ",
"OK      729     v4-0-config-system-serving-cert                             Sep 10 02:50:56 2025 GMT  openshift-authentication                                    ",
```

# Example Playbook

Example:

```yaml
- name: Info for certificates inside OCP cluster.
  hosts: localhost
  gather_facts: false
  roles:
    - certificates
```

Commit message:

refactor certs role
add cert vars to automated_openshift_health_check/templates/openshift_hc_report.adoc

roles/certificates/README.md, after:

# certificates role

**Table of Contents**
- [Requirements](#requirements)
  * [Operating systems](#operating-systems)
  * [Local system access](#local-system-access)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Role Variables](#role-variables)
  * [Main variables](#main-variables)
  * [Output variables](#output-variables)
- [Example Playbook](#example-playbook)

# Requirements
## Operating systems
This role will work on the following operating systems:

 * Red Hat

## Local system access

To successfully complete the role requires `openssl` to manipulate certificates & `jq` for processing the JSON output. Both must be available on your local machine.

```sh
dnf install openssl jq
```

Likewise, the python package `csvlook` is required to format the output into markdown tables.

```sh
pip install csvlook
# OR cd to the base of the repo and run
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Dependencies

There are no dependencies on other roles.

# Role Variables

## Main variables

Currently there are no configuration defaults for this role. Required variables are set dynamically at runtime.

## Output variables

Variables that output information to be placed in the report are captured here.

* `all_certs`: Output of cluster certicates in markdown table format

* `ok_certs`: Output of OK cluster certicates in markdown table format

* `expired_certs`: Output of EXPIRED cluster certicates in markdown table format

```yaml
"| State |  Days | Name                                               | Expiry                   | Namespace                                        |",
"| ----- | ----- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |",
"| OK    |   537 | argocd-server-tls                                  | Mar 8 05:13:46 2025 GMT  | multicloud-gitops-group-one                      |",
"| OK    |   172 | group-one-gitops-ca                                | Mar 8 05:13:45 2024 GMT  | multicloud-gitops-group-one                      |",
"| OK    |   172 | group-one-gitops-tls                               | Mar 8 05:13:45 2024 GMT  | multicloud-gitops-group-one                      |",
"| OK    |   534 | config-policy-controller-metrics                   | Mar 5 12:25:05 2025 GMT  | open-cluster-management-agent-addon              |",
"| OK    |   534 | governance-policy-framework-metrics                | Mar 5 12:25:05 2025 GMT  | open-cluster-management-agent-addon              |",
```

# Example Playbook

Example:

```yaml
- name: Info for certificates inside OCP cluster.
  hosts: localhost
  gather_facts: false
  roles:
    - certificates
```
